Documentation for the CoreEval feature (#799)
Agoric/documentation: main/guides/coreeval/README.md

# Injecting Code to Agoric Testnet

> Agoric facilitates safely injecting code to the Agoric testnet, usually for the purpose of running a contract and modifying it based on the result of a governance vote. To do so, we submit a proposal using cosmos-sdk level API ([swingset.CoreEval](https://community.agoric.com/t/blder-dao-governance-using-arbitrary-code-injection-swingset-coreeval/99)). The proposal runs a script that runs the contract, and possibly runs an additional script, depending on the result of a governance vote.

Reviewer: I took another stab at clarifying the last sentence, please consider with a grain of salt:

```suggestion
Agoric facilitates safely injecting code to the Agoric testnet, usually for the purpose of running a contract and modifying it based on the result of a governance vote. To do so, we submit a proposal using cosmos-sdk level API ([swingset.CoreEval](https://community.agoric.com/t/blder-dao-governance-using-arbitrary-code-injection-swingset-coreeval/99)). If the proposal passes its governance vote, its JS code is run with ocaps extracted using the proposal's permit list, which the code can combine to perform privileged tasks.
```

Author: The sentence has been changed to your suggestion.

> Agoric facilitates safely injecting code to the Agoric testnet, usually for the purpose of running a contract and modifying it based on the result of a governance vote. To do so, we submit a proposal using cosmos-sdk level API ([swingset.CoreEval](https://community.agoric.com/t/blder-dao-governance-using-arbitrary-code-injection-swingset-coreeval/99)). If the proposal passes its governance vote, its JavaScript code is run with ocaps extracted using the proposal's permit list, which the code can combine to perform privileged tasks.

Author: Right... throughout this PR the reader is shown how to inject code into a local Testnet, but presumably they'd also be able to inject code into a remote Testnet.
